README.md, before:

# Destiny-Nation: Back-end Layer

This scaffold includes the following:

## `app/__init__.py`

This file configures the app. It's where:

We expect developers to modify this file by:

- Replacing the database connection string
- Importing all models
- Registering all blueprints

Note that `create_app` also uses CORS. There is no extra action needed to be done with CORS.

## `app/routes.py`

We expect endpoints to be defined here.

The file already imports:

- `Blueprint`
- `request`
- `jsonify`
- `make_response`
- `db`

Feel free to alter these import statements.

This file also has a comment to define a Blueprint. Feel free to delete it.

## `app/models` Directory

This project already includes `app/models/city.py` and `app/models/user.py`, to anticipate the models `City` and `User`.

Both files already import `db`, for convenience!

## `requirements.txt`

This file lists the dependencies we anticipate are needed for the project.

## `Procfile`

This file already has the contents needed for a Heroku deployment.

If the `create_app` function in `app/__init__.py` is renamed or moved, the contents of this file need to change. Otherwise, we don't anticipate this file to change.

Commit message:

add new doc to database

README.md, after:

# Destiny-Nation: Back-end Layer

This scaffold includes the following:

## `app/__init__.py`

This file configures the app. It's where:

We expect developers to modify this file by:

- Replacing the database connection string
- Importing all models
- Registering all blueprints

Note that `create_app` also uses CORS. There is no extra action needed to be done with CORS.

## `app/routes.py`

We expect endpoints to be defined here.

The file already imports:

- `Blueprint`
- `request`
- `jsonify`
- `make_response`
- `db`

Feel free to alter these import statements.

This file also has a comment to define a Blueprint. Feel free to delete it.

## `main.py`

Initialize the app with service account. Connect to Cloud Firestore database.

## `app/models` Directory

This project already includes `app/models/city.py` and `app/models/user.py`, to anticipate the models `City` and `User`.

Both files already import `db`, for convenience!

## `requirements.txt`

This file lists the dependencies we anticipate are needed for the project.

## `Procfile`

This file already has the contents needed for a Heroku deployment.

If the `create_app` function in `app/__init__.py` is renamed or moved, the contents of this file need to change. Otherwise, we don't anticipate this file to change.
